{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Diary\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 Friday Feb 28 2014\
In class we started our battleship project for software development IN THE PUB! \'a0My partner Erik Talvi and I started off by coming up with user stories for our battleship game and writing them on note cards. \'a0After we came up with a good amount of user stories we proceeded to write the steps to fulfill each user story on the back of the respective card. \'a0By the end of the class session we decided we would not be using a board until it was absolutely necessary.\
\
Tuesday March 4\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Erik and I met in the CS lab to go over the methods we would be using to complete our battleship product. \'a0We decided on using TDD using Catch, Xcode using it\'92s in-program implementation of Github and pair programming. Erik also created a Kanban board to keep track of user stories and our progress ion the project as a whole. Being both swamped with midterm season we decided to meet up over spring break to complete our project.\'a0\
\
Thursday March 20\
\
I tried to make some progress today on my own by creating some structs for each type of ship. Then I realized that it probably isn\'92t necessary since the only difference is the amount of spaces they take up. \'a0I figure we could have one ship struct and have a way to specify its size by setting a variable owned by the ship struct.\
\
Friday March 21\
\
Erik and I started with some simple code then proceeded to struggle with Xcode and its version control using git. \'a0We kept getting errors when trying to pull each others commits from the repository. \'a0The errors would say that there were merging conflicts between our two projects. \'a0We first tried our own brilliant solutions. \'a0For example. instead of committing everything that Xcode suggested we tried only committing and pushing the the files we changed (the actual code).\'a0\
\
\
The problem is that Xcode projects contain user information specific to the users computer. \'a0Searching the internet we found that we had to implement a .gitignore files optionally supplied when creating a Github repository and specify the directories that we did not want Github to commit and merge.\'a0\
\
Once we resolved those issues we started making progress on our user stories and the resulting functions and tests. We made 11 commits to Github.\
\
Saturday March 22\
\
Today Erik and I started making progress now that we have our issues with using Github within Xcode resolved. \'a0We modified our code and the respective tests resulting in 18 commits to Github. We created functions isLegalShip, isValidBounds and coordinateToInt and \'a0their respective tests. \'a0We then refactored for clean code and SRP.\'a0\
\
Sunday March 23\
\
Today we fixed some tests added a function to placeAllShips. Then we added a structure for a ship to avoid passing too many parameters to functions. Unfortunately we broke away from TDD because the scope of the refactor. \'a0It most likely was not a good idea.\
\
Monday March 24\
\
Today we created a power point presentation and finished our refactor of adding a ship structure. \'a0It was much too large a refactor for following TDD. \'a0However, were still able to complete it. We are ready to present!\
\
Stupid computer broke our presentation!!!\

\f1 \
\
}